                                                       10 JAN 90

If you have 5 1/4 inch IBM diskettes, the ALL.PD and ALL.DAP files are in the
root directory of disk 1.  Coordinate data is in the directory COR; the lift
data is on disk 2.  On 3 1/2 inch diskettes there are three subdirectories
(folders), COR and DAP and LIFT.

COORDINATE DATA
The coordinate data (*.COR) are presented in the usual (Eppler's) way:
Starting at the trailing edge, proceeding over the top surface to the leading
edge and back over the bottom surface to the trailing edge.

PERFORMANCE DATA
The performance data is given as a single file: ALL.PD.  This was done
because the naming restrictions of the operating system make it extremely
difficult to select unique but descriptive names for every airfoil and
because disk space for the IBM 360k diskette is at a premium.  However the
data is rigidly schematized should you want to break the file apart with a
computer program.  A typical record is as follows:

          Record                          Explanation
     ------------------               ----------------------
     Airfoil  AQUILA                  <-- Airfoil name
     Builder  OSTRANDER               <-- Builder
     5                                <-- Number of Re's
     59400.                           <-- First Re
     13                               <-- Number of data points at this Re
     0.261 0.0238  -1.86              <-- Data
     0.352 0.0224  -0.83
           ...
           ...
     1.148 0.0507  10.34              <-- Last point for first Re
     101100.                          <-- Next Re
     16                               <-- Number of data points at this Re
     0.251 0.0196  -1.86              <-- Data
     0.340 0.0179  -0.84
           ...
           ...
     1.088 0.0152   7.32              <-- Last data point of record
     Data file name PDAQ              <-- VAX file name
     Fig. 12.1                        <-- Figure No. in the book

For each airfoil the first line gives the name of the airfoil and any special
characteristics.  This is followed by the builder, the number of different
Reynolds numbers, the measured Re and the number of measurements at that Re.
The Re and number of data points at this Re are repeated for each of the
Re's.
The data is given in three columns: lift coefficient, drag coefficient, and
angle of attack with respect to the chord.  The next-to-last line for each
airfoil is the file name as it was stored on the VAX computer, and the final
line gives the figure number in AIRFOILS AT LOW SPEEDS where the data is
plotted.

The abbreviations for special characteristics are as follows:

     L.E.      Leading edge
     T.E.      Trailing edge
     F0        Flap at zero degrees
     NF3       Flap at -3 degrees (up or reflexed)
     PF3       Flap at +3 degrees (down)
     UST       Upper surface trip, followed by the height and width in inches
               and chord location in per cent
     LST       Lower surface trip...
     REPEAT    A repeated measurement, usually taken later in the testing
               program
     GF1       Gerney flap - 3 versions GF1, GF2, GF3

PROFILER DATA (Measured coordinates)
If this is a 5 1/4 inch diskette, the digitized or profiler data are in a
single file: ALL.DAP.  3 1/2 inch diskettes have the individual files.

Data blocks (files) first give the name of the airfoil and the actual chord
of the test section in inches.  This is followed by the measured coordinates
in the same format as the coordinate files.

Two names deserve comment: FX63-2 is a second measurement of the FX63-137 at
a different location; it is the one used in the book. SD6080TTE is the
thickened trailing edge version of the SD6080.

LIFT DATA
If you have 5 1/4 inch diskettes, the lift data is on diskette 2 in a
directory called LIFT.  For 3 1/2 inch diskettes, the files are in a
directory called "lift" on the single diskette.  In most cases the file name
indicates the airfoil and in all cases the extension is the nominal Re
divided by 1 million; e.g. *.04 are files with Re = 40,000.

Some files have a suffix on the Re to indicate a special characteristic:

     T = Tripped
     G = Gerney flap
     B,C,D = successive repeat runs
     R = Repeat

The file LIFT.LOG lists the files.

The first line of the file is the VAX file name.  The airfoil and the builder
name are lines 2 and 3 and the fourth line gives both the nominal and actual
Reynolds number.  The data follows.

The data presents Cl vs Alpha for angles through the stall.  Starting at a
negative angle, the angle was incremented to well beyond the positive stall,
and then decremented back to the starting angle.